hello everyone I just wanted to show you
how to make a custom letterman jacket so
first things first go to Google takun
letterman jackets click search and then
just click on that first one you'll see
that there to make your own custom
letterman jacket or you can just go
directly to the website which is build
your jacket comm so go to the website
the jacket comm hopefully you don't have
slow internet like I do anyway once the
website is all loaded make sure to click
the like button for Facebook so you can
share it with your friends so be sure to
do that click the like button right
there and you can follow us on you know
if you can refer your friends we give
you discounts on your jacket or gift
cards so be sure to do that click the
like button right there
and you can follow us on Twitter as well
if you have that so anyway to get
started right here in the middle click
that button to build your jacket now and
then it will take you to the custom
jacket builder engine which we have
developed and so once it's all loaded up
you can start making your own jacket and
so first thing you're gonna want to do
is figure out what color you want your
jacket to be let's let's do a black body
on this one you can choose your sleeve
type let's just keep leather sleeves
color of the sleeves let's do gold and
then you can you have different color
types we also have hooded collars but
that doesn't show on here if there's
anything that you want that you know we
can do anything you want so whatever you
want that you might not see just add it
in the note section but anyway yeah
choose your hood then maybe a knit
pattern that you like and now let's
choose button colors let's make it flow
let's add gold buttons gold pockets to
make it match let's say your colors are
let's cranberry cranberry
let's go maroon gold and black those are
your school's colors so there we go
looks good now if you want right up here
different options you can add patches on
the left right shoulders but let's go to
the back so when you're on the back
actually when you're on the front click
text and then you know it can add your
name
choose a color so it'll show up you know
let's say your name is Michael okay now
go to the back if you want you can put
your name or your school name let's go
Los Angeles Los Angeles fighting Eagles
there you go that's your school you can
add that and then the key part you know
you can put your name too if you'd like
or anything else
the key part right here add design so
when you go to add a design tons
thousands of different designs to choose
from first you might want to select a
category so whether it be your mascot a
patriotic or skull or cougar tigers or
maybe your sport so let's just say you
play football click that click view and
then scroll through the different
options for designs with all of these
you can customize them just put it in
your notes you know like the tire you
can change the Tigers pant color you can
change you can change any colors any
numbers anything you want so let's pick
this guy that's pretty cool and then
just click select and then there it goes
it's add it on to your jacket to get an
idea of what Jackets look like that
there you go though there's the back of
your jacket you know let's say you look
it over you like how it looks you might
want a letter up here if that's the case
you know for your varsity letter just
write it down in your notes blah blah
want letter and then when you're all
done you just click by then it's going
to save your jacket and it might take a
second once you do that click OK and
they'll send you to a new page just
click the order button and then all you
have to do fill this out put your email
your name your address where we're gonna
ship it your billing information you can
ask for billing you can pay with a
credit card and then you'll put your
credit card information or you can do
PayPal whichever one you'd like and so
when you're all done with that add
anything else you think we should know
and then just click review order and
final and then you'll get a confirmation
email and we will be calling you soon to
make sure we know how to do everything
perfectly and then like I said earlier
to see to get an idea of what jackets
look like once they're all stitched out
in our gallery you can see here you know
different examples this is that design
that we were going to put on that jacket
and so you can just kind of look through
here and see different what different
things look like in different fonts
where it kind of fades from one color to
the next
so anyway have fun make your jacket
share it with your friends remember like
us on Facebook and and let us know if
you have any questions thank you